FEAT: PyFluent - PyMechanical exhaust manifold workflow (#44)
ansys/pyansys-workflows: README.md

    - For geometry: Ansys SpaceClaim / Ansys Discovery / Ansys Geometry Service
    - For simulation: Ansys Mechanical
    - For post-procesing: Ansys Data Processing Framework
- [Fluent and mechanical analysis](https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-workflows/tree/main/fluent-mechanical): this workflow demonstrates how to perform a Conjugate Heat Transfer (CHT) analysis for an exhaust manifold to simulate heat transfer between solid and fluid domains, calculate heat transfer coefficients (HTCs) and temperature distribution, and export results for thermo-mechanical analysis. The thermo-mechanical assessment is then performed to evaluate the exhaust manifold's performance under thermal cycling, aiding in design optimization for durability
  The involved Ansys products are:

>     - For : Ansys Fluent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For fluids analysis: Ansys Fluent
```

    - For geometry: Ansys SpaceClaim / Ansys Discovery / Ansys Geometry Service
    - For simulation: Ansys Mechanical
    - For post-procesing: Ansys Data Processing Framework

> - [Fluent and mechanical analysis](https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-workflows/tree/main/fluent-mechanical): this workflow demonstrateshow to perform a Conjugate Heat Transfer (CHT) analysis for an exhaust manifold to simulate heat transfer between solid and fluid domains, calculate heat transfer coefficients (HTCs) and temperature distribution, and export results for thermo-mechanical analysis. The thermo-mechanical assessment is then performed to evaluate the exhaust manifold's performance under thermal cycling, aiding in design optimization for durability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fluent and mechanical analysis](https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-workflows/tree/main/fluent-mechanical): this workflow demonstrates how to perform a Conjugate Heat Transfer (CHT) analysis for an exhaust manifold to simulate heat transfer between solid and fluid domains, calculate heat transfer coefficients (HTCs) and temperature distribution, and export results for thermo-mechanical analysis. The thermo-mechanical assessment is then performed to evaluate the exhaust manifold's performance under thermal cycling, aiding in design optimization for durability
```
